After a daring robbery of heroin from the police department stores, 
the two detectives #try to #find some clue about the gang. 
The chance #appears with the hooker Julie Mott (Téa Leoni), 
the witness of the murder of a 'working girl' friend of her. 

The movie is boring.
Here the concept (boring-movie) is extracted.

The flower smells bad.
Here the concept (bad-flower) is extracted

This meal smells bad.
In this example the concept (smell,bad) is extracted.

I do not like the movie.
Based on the rule described above the concept (not, like) is extracted.

Paul likes to praise good movies.
So, in this example the concept (like,praise,movie) is extracted.

in (7) the concept bad, loser is extracted.
(7) a. Paul is a bad loser.

Bob hit Marie with a hammer.
Therefore the system extracts the complex concept (hit, with, hammer)

in (9), the complex concept (play,slow) is extracted.
(9) The machine slows down when the best games are playing.

n (10), the complex concept (birthday,party) is extracted.
(10) Erik threw a birthday party for his girlfriend.

Single Word Concepts Words having part-of-speech VERB, NOUN, ADJECTIVE
and ADVERB are also extracted from the text. Single word concepts which exist in the
multi-word-concepts are discarded as they carry redundant information. For example,
concept party that already appears in the concept birthday party so, we discard the
concept party.

CC coordinating conjunction 
--CD cardinal digit 
DT determiner   neither was good e razlichno ot good или пък neighter good nor bad
--EX existential there (like: “there is” … think of it like “there exists”) 
--FW foreign word 
--IN preposition/subordinating conjunction 

ADJECTIVE:
JJ adjective – ‘big’ 
JJR adjective, comparative – ‘bigger’ 
JJS adjective, superlative – ‘biggest’ 
--LS list marker 1 
--MD modal – could, will 

NOUN:
NN noun, singular ‘- desk’ 
NNS noun plural – ‘desks’ 
NNP proper noun, singular – ‘Harrison’ 
NNPS proper noun, plural – ‘Americans’ 
PRP personal pronoun –  I, he, she - "She is beautiful", "Movie was beautiful" praising the actress


--PRONOUN:
PDT predeterminer – ‘all the kids’ 'quite nice' 'rather sorry'
--POS possessive ending parent’s 

--PRP$ possessive pronoun – my, his, hers 
--WP wh-pronoun – who, what 
--WP$ possessive wh-pronoun, eg- whose 
--WDT wh-determiner – which 

ADVERB:
RB adverb – very, silently, 
RBR adverb, comparative – better 
RBS adverb, superlative – best 
--RP particle – give up 
--TO – to go ‘to’ the store. 
--UH interjection – errrrrrrrm 

VERB:
VB verb, base form – take 
VBD verb, past tense – took 
VBG verb, gerund/present participle – taking 
VBN verb, past participle – taken 
VBP verb, sing. present, non-3d – take 
VBZ verb, 3rd person sing. present – takes 



--WRB wh-adverb, eg- where, when

part_speech_list = ['CC', 'EX', 'FW' 'IN', 'JJ', 'JJS', 'JJR', 'MD', 'NN', 'NNS', 'NNP','NNPS', 
'PPS','PDP','POS','RB', 'RBR', 'RBS','VB', 'VBD', 'VBG','VBN','VBP', 'VBZ']


1. ADJ + NOUN : The adj+noun combination and noun as a stand-alone concept are
added to the objects list.
---2. ADJ + STOPWORD : The entire bigram is discarded. 
3. NOUN + ADJ : As trailing adjectives do not tend to carry sufficient information,
the adjective is discarded and only the noun is added as a valid concept. Something inetersting 
4. NOUN + NOUN : When two nouns occur in sequence, they are considered to be
part of a single concept. Examples include butter scotch, ice cream, cream biscuit,
and so on.
---5. NOUN + STOPWORD : The stopword is discarded, and only the noun is consid-
ered valid.
--6. STOPWORD + ADJ: The entire bigram is discarded. A beautiful story 
--7. STOPWORD + NOUN : In bigrams matching this pattern, the stopword is dis-
carded and the noun alone qualifies as a valid concept.

a, an, and, are
as, at, be, but, by, for, if, in, into, is, it, no, not, of, on, or, such, 
that, the, their, then, there, these, they, this, to, was, will, with


План:
1.Изчистваме пунтктуация(без точка?) и стоп думи, без not !!дефолтни стоности са важни
2.Пос тагване(без точките) и още едно изчистване
3.Стеминг(без точките) Дали лематизацията е по-добра 
=Да се разбие първо на изречения? По-лесно ще се отделят смислово.

=Във всяко изречение да се съставят биграми? - Смислови правила:
not - със следващото, DT, PDT
1.настоящ = ноун:
    ноун - двете заедно
    адж - само Something beautiful. A world beautiful and serene. - поезия
    върб + адж - наун + адж Movie sounds boring
    върб + адв - наун + адв, наун + върб, Flower smeels bad. Beautiful face, plays terribly.
    --върб + нещо друго = ноун + верб
    адв - samo. A movie beautifully done. 
2. настоящ = адж:
    ноун - и двете
    върб - The movie is very nice, watching it was fun. Нито едното. 
    адв - нито едното Very nice and beautufully done.
    само - взимаме го Nice!
    адж* + наун = и трите* 
3. настоящ = адв:
    върб - и двете
    ноун – You play beautifully, Meghan., nikoe
    адв* + върб = всичките
    адж = Plays nicely, beatiful face. 
4.настоящ = върб:
    адв - и двете Done beautifully. Fun to watch and beautifully done.??
    върб - Likes to praise good movies.
    ноун - и двете, The plot was killed by the director. Ако не - Търсим следвая наун. 
    адж - Sounds nice. И двете.



